this is the illusion reporting from
Malibu California somewhere on Spaceship
Earth how did an interesting day out in
the surf today was waiting for the tide
to fill in a westward and it was
draining but now I gotta go to work sigh
didn't getting in on any of that but uh
yeah I went down to the spot I grew up
at surfing and uh some dude started
talking smack and uh I just went taxed
him on the very first wave I could man
cuz up that's how the illusion roles did
let's do this thing man so uh this guy
started running his mouth about the
whole thing I had to really laughs man
cuz uh that's all the ego dude when the
ego dies he realized you own nothing and
you have no claimed anything and so uh
yeah got into it with this guy's claim
in like a couple years at the spot I go
dude but Sir fit here so I was a kid bro
really dude he started throwing out
names I know I know those guys may like
I talked about really dude is that how
we're gonna have to solve this thing
dude it was just pretty funny man you
know we worked it all out the whole
thing it was kind of old-school surfing
stuff you know back in the day would
have been fist fights but uh you know it
ain't the 80s anymore but you know
that's the hottest part about it is John
the illusion used to either roll over or
go crazy dude and today I did
neither man i held my line i laughed and
anything this dude had to say I just
countered with the like dude you're
you're talking to the wrong guy man
you're talking to the wrong guy about
your nonsense did anyway this way it's a
pile did so shadow carried it i was
getting stand up barrels at
westford yesterday the whole thing and
I don't know about it just goes to show
you there's no point mouth and off to
anyone because you don't know who you're
gonna melt off to and you know you might
might be mouth and off to some dude who
used to surf your break when he was the
local and uh yeah that's a tricky
situation to be in man you know we all
like to get a little uh possessive about
the waves we serve and we hang a hot out
a lot but uh you know that's just the
ego the ego trying to tell you that uh
this is more important than the the
truth of the dream and the dream is that
uh there is no wave there is no Malibu
there is no localism all there is is
love man and you got to forgive people
you got to just look him in the eye and
laugh and forgive them because they know
not what they do but anyway this is the
illusion chiming in on a UH the classic
day of surf here in Malibu California
man yeah rock on team